Edinburgh Castle
Edinburgh Castle is a historic castle in Edinburgh, Scotland. It stands on Castle Rock, which has been occupied by humans since at least the Iron Age, although the nature of the early settlement is unclear. There has been a royal castle on the rock since at least the reign of David I in the 12th century, and the site continued to be a royal residence until 1633. From the 15th century, the castle's residential role declined, and by the 17th century it was principally used as military barracks with a large garrison. Its importance as a part of Scotland's national heritage was recognised increasingly from the early 19th century onwards, and various restoration programmes have been carried out over the past century and a half.

Eilean Donan
Eilean Donan (Scottish Gaelic: Eilean Donnain) is a small tidal island situated at the confluence of three sea lochs (Loch Duich, Loch Long and Loch Alsh) in the western Highlands of Scotland, about 1 kilometre (5⁄8 mi) from the village of Dornie. It is connected to the mainland by a footbridge that was installed early in the 20th century and is dominated by a picturesque castle that frequently appears in photographs, film and television. The island's original castle was built in the thirteenth century; it became a stronghold of the Clan Mackenzie and their allies, the Clan MacRae. However, in response to the Mackenzies' involvement in the Jacobite rebellions early in the 18th century, government ships destroyed the castle in 1719. The present-day castle is Lieutenant-Colonel John Macrae-Gilstrap's 20th-century reconstruction of the old castle.

Oban
Prior to the 19th century, the town itself supported very few households, sustaining only minor fishing, trading, shipbuilding and quarrying industries, and a few hardy tourists.[8] The Renfrew trading company established a storehouse there around 1714, as a local outlet for its merchandise, but a custom-house was not deemed necessary until 1736, with "Oban being reckoned a proper place for clearing out vessels for the herring fishery". The modern town of Oban grew up around the distillery, which was founded there in 1794. A royal charter raised the town to a burgh of barony in 1811. Sir Walter Scott visited the area in 1814, the year in which he published his poem The Lord of the Isles; interest in the poem brought many new visitors to the town. The town was made a Parliamentary Burgh in 1833.

Loch Ness
Loch Ness is a large freshwater loch in the Scottish Highlands extending for approximately 37 kilometres (23 miles) southwest of Inverness. It takes its name from the River Ness, which flows from the northern end. Loch Ness is best known for claimed sightings of the cryptozoological Loch Ness Monster, also known affectionately as "Nessie" (Scottish Gaelic: Niseag). It is one of a series of interconnected, murky bodies of water in Scotland; its water visibility is exceptionally low due to the high peat content of the surrounding soil. At 56 km2 (22 sq mi), Loch Ness is the second-largest Scottish loch by surface area after Loch Lomond, but due to its great depth it is the largest by volume in Great Britain. Its deepest point is 230 metres (126 fathoms; 755 feet), making it the second deepest loch in Scotland after Loch Morar. 


Isle of Skye
The Isle of Skye, or simply Skye , is the largest and northernmost of the major islands in the Inner Hebrides of Scotland. The island's peninsulas radiate from a mountainous hub dominated by the Cuillin, the rocky slopes of which provide some of the most dramatic mountain scenery in the country. Although Sgitheanach has been suggested to describe a winged shape, no definitive agreement exists as to the name's origins. The island has been occupied since the Mesolithic period, and over its history has been occupied at various times by Celtic tribes including the Picts and the Gaels, Scandinavian Vikings, and most notably the powerful integrated Norse-Gaels clans of MacLeod and MacDonald. 

OM Symbol
Om is a powerful mantra, syllable, and symbol in Hinduism that embodies spiritual truth, divine energy, and the entire universe. Om is composed of three distinct syllables, A-U-M, and is said to contain all the sounds of creation. Om or aum is a sacred sound considered by many ancient philosophical texts to be the sound of the universe, encompassing all other sounds within it. In Sanskrit, om is called Pranava, which means to hum, and is considered an unlimited or eternal sound. The word Om is defined by Hindu scripture as being the primordial sound of creation. It is the original vibration of the universe. From this first vibration, all other vibrations are able to manifest. 

Ram Mandir (Temple)
Ayodhya is believed to be the birthplace of Lord Rama. It holds immense significance for millions of devotees. The ancient city witnessed the unfolding of the epic Ramayana, a timeless narrative that transcends generations. Ayodhya Ram Mandir's history dates back to the 11th century when it was originally constructed as a dedication to Lord Rama. This temple became a revered place of worship for centuries, symbolising devotion and faith. However, things took a dramatic turn during the Mughal era in the 16th century. Many Hindus believe that it is located at the site of Ram Janmabhoomi, the mythical birthplace of Rama, a principal deity of Hinduism. The temple was inaugurated on 22 January 2024 after a prana pratishtha (consecration) ceremony. At the heart of the temple's significance lies the belief that it stands on the spot where Lord Rama, the seventh avatar of Lord Vishnu, was born. The Ayodhya Ram Mandir becomes not just a structure but a sacred ground, revered by devotees who see it as a living connection to their beloved deity.

New Parliament Building of India
The government has said a new Parliament building was badly needed as the existing structure "is highly stressed" for a number of reasons including capacity, infrastructure, technology and safety. The need for a new Indian Parliament building was long overdue. According to government data, the old Parliament building of India, constructed in 1927, was not intended to accommodate a bicameral legislature. The seating arrangements thus became cramped and inconvenient. The new Parliament building represents a significant upgrade in capacity and modern amenities. It is designed to comfortably accommodate 888 Members of Parliament in the Lok Sabha, which is three times the capacity of the old Lok Sabha (Parliament).